Apple Silicon GPU compatibility for Tensorflow (#2184)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/n3fit/runcard_detailed.rst

to the right index (usually ``0, 1, 2``) or leaving it explicitly empty
to avoid running on GPU: ``export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=""``

> Note that in order to run the replicas in parallel using the GPUs of a M1/M2 Mac, it is necessary to also install 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order to run the replicas in parallel on an Apple Silicon computer (like a M1 Mac) it is necessary to also install 
```

the following packages:

.. code-block:: bash

   conda install -c apple tensorflow-deps

>    pip install tensorflow-macos==2.13.0 tensorflow-metal wandb==0.15.9

Reviewer 2: Why is it necessary to really pin this version?

Author: It is related to this issue here: https://github.com/wandb/wandb/issues/5935

I was not able to make it run on MaC M2 GPUs with other versions.

Reviewer: Could you also add a reference to that issue in the docs?
